Here we see a virtual machine with a virtual scuzzy controller in purple on the left.
And so as our guest operating system generates scuzzy commands they'll flow out of the virtual machine
through the virtual scuzzy controller.
And those storage commands once they get to the ESX host we'll hit what we call a storage adapter.
And the job of the storage adapter is to prepare the storage commands to traverse whatever our storage
network is.
So in this case we're using a software I scuzz the initiator and the software scuzz the initiator is
going to be bound to a VM kernel port the job of the VM kernel port is to act as an entry point into
the ether NET network.
So in this case we can see the VM kernel port is named VM K-1 and it's on a virtual switch that has
a VM Nic or a physical adapter assigned to it.
So now as my storage commands leave the VM they hit the storage adapter the storage adapter prepares
them for transmission on a nice Gazi network and relays to the VM kernel port which then provides access
to the physical network.
And now our storage traffic can actually reach the storage array.
So with the software I suppose the initiator we created two software constructs a VM kernel port and
a software ice because the initiator and this creates some CPQ overhead on the ESX host.